addressible : [measure-of-history, super-integer, uncertainity-diversity]

(PART 1/4)

knowledge : considering a wave of diffentiation in a network along at-least two discrete sectors
.. whenever one of these 'node's are effected by the amplitudes passing through their permutation group
. there will be an effect such that the union of the two different sides would break the stable condition
 . at the stable configuration, each side corresponds to equal and opposite change with respect to the mid at all times
 .. whenever there is a discontinuity, the mid moves from the center position, thus bumping into one of the other neighboring states
. if the injection of some extensive quantity in the states of a substrate that does not include the intrusion of the newly introduced differentiation that causes it to go throuh
... it reacts the same way (moving from the centrality limit defined over the set of all mid +/- side constitutions
 . for stable base, the sides are always restored immediately after a non-trivial computation
. the structure of the network preseves information stable for those the whole possible chain goes through equal change in their entire disjoint systems of objective existence and opposition of other ideas that would do otherwise
. . that structure of dynamical change is called knowledge

(PART n  2/4)

information : discrete structures in the universe that does not go through continuous change for any distance less than (ħ) does not get effected by random variations
.. for those differences in the states of a system of objects that would not have been brought about by the constructors defined over the spread in a network
. either the change gets corrected immediately or kick back to the source occurs
 . this structure of communication is called in(formation)
. no other forms of jiggling shall do.


(PART 3/4)

neurons : are no different!
.. in that their kick back occurs through discrete message passing.
. when one set of attributes are active, there is a mode of existence or organization where it is guranteed to inhibit any message passing to the other.


(PART 4/4)

memory : never look for truth in your mothers' eye!
.. for she is too concerned about what could happen to you while you are effected badly with respect to your not being here at all, cannot be gone either
. certain things are are good substitute for existential level quries, even if it means not existing actively for a split second
 . deliberate non-linearity is neither favored by those who expects it, nor at those places where reception is not instantaneous
 .. memory substrates cannot go through fiscontinuos jumps if it not brought into the substrate it self
. that's why neurons must not go out when their communication can be brought to halt, because they also cannot engage after a non-trivial amount of engagement
