addressible : [direct injection, mono-stereo programming, channel, logical subsystem, decoder group, reversible media, mixing matrix]

(PART 1/4)

track : it can be either in mono or stereo form.
.. stereo means the minimum level of autonomy is preserved.
. mono requires a stereo channel to compile.


(PART 2/4)

channel : it represents the programming.
.. requires incoming signal to be either loaded from a media or bound through logical ports.
. defines the exact permutation of all the states.
 . could be controlled from the outside the parameters of constitution.
 .. accepts physical side-chained variables and could induct another channel as its own side chain.
. could determine the flow of information when subjected to a bus drive.


(PART 3/4)

media : contains the executable needed by a channel.
.. encodes information in terms of possible measure with degrees of differentiable knowledge.
. there are bases which engage multiple channels in runtime in order to propagate through the desired channels.


(PART 4/4)

decoding : happens at the channel level where a permutation produces compatible state in an entangled substrate.
.. substrate are subjected to changes occuring at the channel space (possibly from multitrack arrangement <—> master output) which jointly permute some other state
. and are subject of the change that flows into the media through defined relationship to a disjoint system
 . when the logical subsystem is engaged due to an ordered permutation brought into the network that is a recepient of message
 .. the track associated with the variable stored at the pointer, goes through differentiable change in its amplitude(s)
. when there is a differentiable change in one of two tracks defined as stereo, the mid-side matrix transform the left-right via scaling of the core (mid)

(PART 5/4)

state : could have at most three tracks when balanced for any isolated system.
.. input-thru arrives at the receiver channel where the reagent gets a copy of the substrate back via thru line.
. the substrate attributes are prepared from naturally occuring loops that engage the thru track whenever there is an interference, and flips the polarity when there isn't
 . the output channel now prepares three levels of change to counteract any discontinuous change via consultation with the reagent
. the solution is a mixture of physical-logical-counterfactual information complex.

